Additive Synthesizer Requirements
* Hand-trace sine-interpolated waveforms
* Snap-in/out traced waveforms at different frequencies with time-varying
  amplitude and frequency envelopes
* Maintain a global frequency and amplitude envelope

* Maintain a catalog of easily accessible and memorable waveforms for
  oscillator and envelope functions. 
  - Any specified waveform should be usable as either an oscillator or envelope.
  - Envelopes for different functions (oscillation, AM/FM, etc.) should be
	distinguished in the main view. I.e., each waveform present in the
	synthesis should be readily visible with an obvious specified function.

* Keep a record of user actions per session to allow undo operations
* Save session state to re-open later


Further Requirements:

The software should be able to toggle between individual waveform editors and
a global synthesis view. Waveforms can be edited by selecting them from a
catalog of waveforms identified by labeled images. Each image will be a small
icon capture of the waveform since the last saved edit. Waveforms will belong
to individual Projects, but can readily imported to other projects. This
should help maintain better organization in the synthesis workspace. The
global synthesis view will display a list of the currently combined waveforms,
their fundamental frequencies, and their associated frequency/amplitude
envelopes. The central widget will be graph of the combined waveforms with all
envelopes applied. For now, the list of waveform components should display
three colors of waveforms: one for each of the oscillator, amplitude envelope,
and frequency envelope (if present). 

Envelope Behaviors

Amplitude envelopes applied to oscillators should either scale in size with
specified note duration, or use a more classical ADSR approach that scales
only the sustain portion. I.e., the attack, decay, and release components have
fixed lengths that always followed regardless of note length. In the case of
contiguous and non-overlapping notes, the release portion of one note may
trail into the attack stage of the next note. These details can be considered
further when actually sequencing notes.
